The Key Stage 1 team
hope you all have a
restful half term.

We look forward to
welcoming you back on

Tuesday 4th
November

(Over the half term break,
please continue to read
regularly with your child
After half term, weekly
‘maths homework will
‘commence for the children
in Year 2, Additionally,
spellings will be sent home
for Year 1 and Year 2
‘children to practise,

Year 2 PE Days
The children will need to
[come te school wearing their
PE kits on their PE days.

Otters - Wednesday
Hedgehogs - Tuesday

Foxes - Tuesday

All Year 2 children - Friday

Year 1 PE Days

The children will need to
come te school wearing their
PE kits on their PE days,

Barn Owls- Monday
Red Kites- Tuesday
Robine~ Thursday

All Year 1 children =
Wednesday.

YEAR 1 AND YEAR 2

This half terms big question has a history focus.
How has your street changed over the
last century?

We will be developing our knowledge of the

local area exploring it as if we are historians
‘considering how it has changed,

ind ‘Stage 1 Expectations

Tt was lovely to see so many parents at consultations this week, thank you for
‘taking the time to meet with us. Following on from our meetings, please find
attached to this weeKs correspondence a copy of the End of Key Stage 1
(Year 2) Expectations for reading, writing, and maths. This document outlines
‘the key learning goals we aim for children to achieve by the end of the
‘academic year in order for us to assess them as either working towards, at or
exceeding the national expected standard.

After half term.

Englih
‘In English the children will be writing firework
shape poems.

Year 1: The children will be using adjectives to
‘describe fireworks and considering the sounds they
‘may hear (onomatopoeias). The children wil write
‘their adjectives and onomatopoeia in a firework
shape,

Year 2: The children will be using expanded noun
phrases to describe fireworks as well as
alliteration and onomatopoeia.

Phonics
‘Year 1 and Year 2 will both be revising and consolidating the sounds that they learnt
last half term,

Year 1 willbe focusing on: ai ee igh oa ear air er sh ch qu

Year 2 wll focus on: j 9 ge dge s ssc ce se st sc oueay ao o-euoul

‘Maths

‘In Year 1 the children will be learning to recognise the = symbol and solving
‘subtraction equality problems. The children will learn to add and subtract 1 and 2
‘and to find addition and subtraction fact families

‘In Year 2 the children will be learning te subtract 2 digit numbers, initially not
bridging a 10 before moving onto bridging 10. The children will learn to add and
[subtract and compare addition and subtraction sentences.

